---
title: "Accessing Boxes & Ports"
class_name: docs
full_width: true
---

When Codio creates a new project, it will generate a unique subdomain name

```
word1-word2-3000.codio.io
```

where word1 and word2 are randomly generated by Codio.




##Configuring Boxes, Web Servers and Services for external access over HTTP and HTTPS
If you are running Apache, Nginx, Node, Ruby etc. and you want to access them externally, you should configure your server/service to listen on a specific port in the normal way.

Codio itself requires a number of ports but we have opened up a large number for your Box. You only need be aware of the restrictions we impose based on whether you are using HTTP or HTTPS.

- **Ports 1024 - 9499** are reserved exclusively for **HTTP** access.
- **Ports 9500 - 9999** are reserved exclusively for **HTTPS** access.

SSL access does not require you to install a certificate anywhere as we proxy everything. Just be sure to only use a Port in the 9500 - 9999 range.

For Projects created before March 6th, 2014, your Apache or Nginx web server will not have the correct configuration to handle HTTPS by default. You should either configure your web server config files or just uninstall and reinstall the Box Parts using `parts uninstall [apache2|nginx]` then `parts install [apache2|nginx]` and finally `parts start [apache2|nginx]` to star the server back up.


##Original Request Header
Should you need it, the `X_FORWARDED_PROTO` header contains original request schema.


##Preview Menu
Codio offers a fully customizable Preview menu so you can preview both static files (.html) and server side files (.php files, Ruby and Node apps etc.) with a single click.

- [Preview documentation](/docs/ide/features/inline-preview)

This feature lets you set up any number of 'aliases' both for static files and Box cli commands.
